Concept Conditionals Add Files (#2430)
exercism/python: concepts/conditionals/about.md

# About

> The [conditionals][control flow tools] [`if`][if statement], `elif` (_a contraction of 'else and if'_) and `else` are used in Python to control the flow of execution and make decisions in a program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Python, [`if`][if statement], `elif` (_a contraction of 'else and if'_) and `else` statements are used in Python to [control the flow][control flow tools] of execution and make decisions in a program.
```

> Unlike many other programming langauges, Python versions 3.9 and below do not offer a formal case-switch statement, using multiple `elif` statements to serve a similar purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike many other programming langauges, Python versions 3.9 and below do not offer a formal case-switch statement, instead using multiple `elif` statements to serve a similar purpose.

```

> Python 3.10 introduces a variant case-switch statement called `pattern matching`, which will be covered in another exercise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 3.10 introduces a variant case-switch statement called `pattern matching`, which will be covered separately in another concept.

```

> Conditional statements pair with expressions and objects that must resolve to `True` or `False` -- either by returning a `bool` directly, or by evaluating ["truthy" or "falsy"][truth value testing].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conditional statements use expressions that must resolve to `True` or `False` -- either by returning a `bool` directly, or by evaluating ["truthy" or "falsy"][truth value testing].

```

Author: Ah!  Thank you for that rephrase.  So much clearer.  I struggled here, and you made it much better.  😄

        if number % 3 == 0 and number % 5 == 0:
            return 'FizzBuzz!'
        elif number % 5 == 0:
            return 'Buzz!'
        elif number % 3 == 0:
            return 'Fizz!'
        else:
            return str(number)

>>> classic_fizzbuzz(15)
'FizzBuzz!'

>>> classic_fizzbuzz(13)
'13'
```

Conditionals can also be nested.

```python
>>> def driving_status(driver_age, test_score):
        if test_score >= 80: 
            if 18 > driver_age >= 16:
                return "Student driver, needs supervision."
            elif driver_age == 18:
                return "Permitted driver, on probation."
            elif driver_age > 18:
                return "Fully licensed driver."
        else:
            return "Unlicensed!"

>>> driving_status(63, 78)
'Unlicsensed!'

>>> driving_status(16, 81)
'Student driver, needs supervision.'

>>> driving_status(23, 80)
'Fully licsensed driver.'
```

## Conditional expressions or "ternary operators"

While Python has no specific `?` ternary operator, it is possible to write single-line `conditional expressions`.
These take the form of `<value if True>` if `<conditional test>` else `<value if False>`.

> Since these expressions can become hard to scan, it's recommended to use this single-line form only if it shortens code and helps readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since these expressions can become hard to read, it's recommended to use this single-line form only if it shortens code and helps readability.

```

```python
def just_the_buzz(number):
    return 'Buzz!' if number % 5 == 0 else str(number)
    
>>> just_the_buzz(15)
'Buzz!'

>>> just_the_buzz(10)
'10'
```

## Truthy and Falsy

In Python, any object can be tested for [truth value][truth value testing], and can therefore be used with a conditional, comparison, or boolean operation.
Objects that are evaluated in this fashion are considered "truthy" or "falsy", and used in a `boolean context`.

```python
>>> def truthy_test(thing):
        if thing:
            print('This is Truthy.')
        else:
            print("Nope. It's Falsey.")

# Empty container objects are considered Falsey.
>>> truthy_test([])

> Nope. It's Falsey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nope. It's Falsey.
```

Reviewer: There is a CRLF hidden in there

Author: crud.  I thought I got rid of those, but evidently not.  I can't seem to commit these from the review.  I may need to push the file again.

Reviewer: They look gone now

>>> truthy_test(['bear', 'pig', 'giraffe'])
This is Truthy.

# Empty strings are considered Falsey.
>>> truthy_test('')

> Nope. It's Falsey.

Reviewer: CRLF
```suggestion
Nope. It's Falsey.
```

>>> truthy_test('yes')
This is Truthy.

# 0 is also considered Falsey.
>>> truthy_test(0)

> Nope. It's Falsey.

Reviewer: CRLF
```suggestion
Nope. It's Falsey.
```
